---
layout: post
title: '什么是好的汽车底盘？'
categories: 'Car'
---

automotive journalists describe the way a car handles as being a result of the "chassis tuning" when they really are describing a lot more than just the structure of the vehicle... The suspension and drivetrain (obviously) have an enormous effect on the feel of a car as it is driven around turns, over hills, bumps etc. There are thousands of decisions a manufacturer has to make in creating the way an automobile drives, most of which are compromises. When Jeremy Clarkson says that a car has a great racing chassis, he is complimenting the way that the manufacturer combined the suspension, drivetrain, and structure together to make one symbiotic piece of machinery.

当我们说底盘（Chassis）时，不光只是说底架（frame），而是整个（车底）rolling Chassis，包括传动系统，是指整个底盘所有部件（发动机，变速箱，悬架，传动轴，转向系统等）有机地结合在一起，形成一个和谐的整体。这种结合是很复杂的，除了车架本身的强韧和轻量化，还涉及许多比如，引擎布局，驱动形式，重心，重量分布等方面的考虑。



Mustangman
Oct '13
Having been a suspension engineer and vehicle dynamicist, I can shed a little light on this. The chassis is the overall term for the undercar bits and what they attach to. The suspension parts are the ones that move. The frame or unit body provides the connection between the front and rear suspensions and the mounting for the engine. All these things combine to provide the car's handling.

Engineers want the structure that the suspension attaches to as rigid as possible so that the suspension can isolate bumps, provide directional control and carry loads. The go-kart is a good example of what happens when a stiff suspension (basically, none) is attached to a flexible frame, the frame BECOMES the suspension and can't be controlled as well with shocks (none) springs (the frame itself) and stabilizer bars (again the frame). You can never get as much structure as you want because it is heavy, expensive and the car needs to carry people and stuff. The compromise we make is different from a luxury sedan to a sports car.

The magazine writers are driving the car and evaluating how smooth it rides, how well it responds to steering, braking and acceleration (the handling) as they drive the car normally to tire slidin' fun. They evaluate how well it changes direction, comes back to and stays straight, the limits of traction, cornering and stopping all with the idea of what the buyer expects. Car companies have experts (much better ones!) who do this day in and out.